because I have been asked by so many
people how I have so many successful
basket parties so I'm going to show you
what I do I went to Staples and I bought
the book rings and I bought several
packages of these because I used one for
each color of jewelry how these work is
you're gonna put your jewelry on they
open and they lock shut really easy
they're about three dollars at Staples
then I went to Walmart and I bought in
the makeup section I'm Adela I guess
it's a makeup bag and inside it was
nineteen dollars but you get a lot of
stuff inside it this came with travel
bottles for your shampoos and stuff I
just removed them so I have that came
with that
that that that and that
so for $19 I think that's a really good
deal because I use them how I do I also
have thirty-one large utility tote and I
sell 31 so it was really easy for me to
get these and I bought a bunch when they
were on sale buy one get one for $10 and
to make it fun I had mine embroidered by
some bling will sue insistence
somebody's walking around with this it
kind of strikes a conversation what I do
and I passed a lot in my basket parties
I group
so all my purple go on one ring silver
all my blue and so forth
so when they're looking for their
jewelry they're like oh I really need
blue to go with an outfit so the full
ring out and go through and what I did
is I remove this staples that come in
the packaging from the company because
you don't want to pull a necklace out
and have it break on a staple and then I
applied a small piece of scotch tape to
the back and I just stuck it on the
binder once I have all of those
separated and counted I find the more
that goes in the bottom of my bag
earrings and I don't pack a lot of
earrings unless they request because
earrings are not a big seller for me but
in this bag I have 10 sets of earrings
in various colors and then it just sit
inside protects them in this little tiny
bag I have all of the Rings inside and I
love this bag bracelets are really good
seller people can find a reason not to
like necklaces are too short or too long
that everybody buys bracelets and I have
a time in here and usually the hostesses
will dump them out on a table and people
can look through
and that's it in here now I don't
generally put headbands in my party to
go and same with the kids story unless
they request them I don't put them in
because not everybody has kids not
everybody knows kids now if they do
request two headbands I use and I don't
like this design but this is daily when
I have handy right now to show you I
will use a thirty-one dipper pouch and
these are twelve dollars and these will
fit in here you can get a bunch I just
picked up a small handful fit in
perfectly and I always tell the hostess
please make sure that's on top don't set
all the jewelry on it because we don't
but this party is not getting any kids
stuff she did not want it I include in a
paper protector and you can add a piece
of cardboard to give it stability I
didn't have any cardboard so I just used
a file folder I cut down so it's not
simple Anzhi and on it's my price sheet
so the hostess does not have to do any
thinking somebody gets three necklaces
sixteen fifty easiest pie you want this
to be easy for your hostess my basket
party agreement and I can send copies
out if you need this you were gonna put
their name and everything that they're
responsible for this they're going to
sign and they're going to give you a
credit card number um or if you know
them just get a driver's license number
you're gonna put how many and I didn't
type this one out yet cuz I hadn't
counted yet when I did this
you're gonna put how many you gave them
on here and when they return it you're
gonna count it out together to see how
much and your money should add up and
what I do is I throw it on the back side
so she has it with her of her price
sheet candy right now is also threw in a
paparazzi compensation packet so anybody
who might be interested has something to
look at and I know most people do if I
just put it aside but again you want
this to be easy
your hostesses you weren't yours just as
to say wow I picked up a bag sold and
earned a free jewelry I didn't have to
do anything I include a money bag and
inside I give twenty dollars so I
usually give two fives ones and two
dollars and quarters and this is also
going to be typed out on the sheet that
they were given $20 cash so you have
proof of that and that's how I give a
hostess bang into the bag and she's good
to go and everything has been very very
successful 98% of my business is party
to go bags you learned something thanks
bye